# CS 400: Programming III

**Author: Shi Kaiwen**
<br>
**Date: 2021.5 - 2021.7**

## General Introduction ##
CS 400's course name is *Programming III*. It contains diverse topics in programing. The Course Introduction from School Enrollment Website is given below:

*The third course in our programming fundamentals sequence. It presumes that students understand and use functional and object-oriented design and abstract data types as needed. This course introduces balanced search trees, graphs, graph traversal algorithms, hash tables and sets, and complexity analysis and about classes of problems that require each data type. Students are required to design and implement using high quality professional code, a medium sized program, that demonstrates knowledge and use of latest language features, tools, and conventions. Additional topics introduced will include as needed for projects: inheritance and polymorphism; anonymous inner classes, lambda functions, performance analysis to discover and optimize critical code blocks. Students learn about industry standards for code development. Students will design and implement a medium size project with a more advanced user-interface design, such as a web or mobile application with a GUI and event- driven implementation; use of version-control software.*

## Course Schedule in Summer 2021
I attend CS 400 in Summer 2021. It is a 8-weeks' course, and covers exact same dense of materials as covered in normal fall/spring semesters. Inside the class we had learned:

### Week01
- Radix Sort
- Bash
- Editors:
  - Vim/Emacs
- GNU Makefile

### Week02
- Generics
- Hashing

### Week03
- JUnit
- Binary Search Tree
- Red-Black Tree

### Week04
- Read-Black Tree Remove
- Inner Class
- Anonymous Class
- Lambda Expression
- Git
  - Version Control
  - Branching & Merging
  - Repository Creation

### Week05
- Regex
- Sets & Graphs
- Minimum Spanning Tree
- Dijikstra's Shortest Path Algorithm

### Week06
- HTML
- Skip List
- B-Tree
  - 2-3-4 Tree

### Week07
- Tries Data Structure
- AVL Tree
- CSS Forms
- JavaScript Editing

## Course Projects
This course have been kept relatively some content & projects to work on in recent semesters. Specifically, it touches on implementation of 
- HashTable Implementation
- RedBlackTree Implementation
- Dijikstra Shortest Path Algorithm Implementation

And then a final project to work on that is either completed in teams or individuals (during summer semester, the final project is completed individually). Details of my final project can be found in `../project_demos`.
