# CS 300: Programming II

**Author: Shi Kaiwen**
<br>

**Date: 2021.1 - 2021.5**

## General Introdcution
CS 300's course name is *Programming II*. This is the second CS introductory course. The Course Introduction from School Enrollment Website is given below:

*Introduction to Object-Oriented Programming using classes and objects to solve more complex problems. Introduces array-based and linked data structures: including lists, stacks, and queues. Programming assignments require writing and developing multi-class (file) programs using interfaces, generics, and exception handling to solve challenging real world problems. Topics reviewed include reading/writing data and objects from/to files and exception handling, and command line arguments. Topics introduced: object-oriented design; class vs. object; create and define interfaces and iterators; searching and sorting; abstract data types (List,Stack,Queue,PriorityQueue(Heap),Binary Search Tree); generic interfaces (parametric polymorphism); how to design and write test methods and classes; array based vs. linked node implementations; introduction to complexity analysis; recursion.*

Object-Oriented Design is keep reminded and mentioned all through this course. CS 300 also covers data structures, for example the binary search tree (BST).

## Project Brief Description
Some of the course projects that I have worked on has utilized following concepts as listed below.
- **P03 Room Reservations** - Object Oriented Programming
- **P04 Carrot Patch** - Inheritance, GUI
- **P06 Palindrome** - Recursion
- **P07 Inventory Storage System** - Dynamic sorted Linked List
- **P09 Movie Catalog** - Binary Search Tree
- **P10 Order Up! v2.0** - Priority Queue
